docs: add charm configuration deprecations and updates for ops (#285)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: reference/charm-configuration.md

(ref-charm-configuration)=
# Charm Configuration

> Since the release of Anbox Cloud 1.25.0, Anbox Cloud Charms have been updated to support the latest Ops Framework used by Juju.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the release of Anbox Cloud 1.25.0, Anbox Cloud Charms have been updated to support the latest [Operator Framework](https://github.com/canonical/operator) used by Juju.
```
